adding indexing / index advisor tutorial to user profile tutorial (#8)
couchbaselabs/tutorials-contrib: modules/session-storage/pages/aspnet.adoc

First off, this N1QL query is using BASE64_DECODE to turn the base64 representations into a JSON object that can be more easily queried (see link:https://docs.couchbase.com/server/6.0/n1ql/n1ql-language-reference/metafun.html[more about BASE64_DECODE] in documentation).

> NOTE: If you are using Couchbase Server 6.5+, you can link:http://docs.couchbase.com/tutorials/session-storage/udf.html[create a User-Defined Function] to simplify this query and avoid the need to use `BASE64_DECODE` multiple times in every query. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you are using Couchbase Server 6.5+, you can xref:udf.adoc[create a User-Defined Function] to simplify this query and avoid the need to use `BASE64_DECODE` multiple times in every query. 
```

Second, to make this query work, we'll need appropriate indexing. The `shoppingcart` field at least needs to be indexed. It's also a good idea to add `BASE64_DECODE(shoppingcart)` to make it a link:https://docs.couchbase.com/server/6.0/n1ql/n1ql-language-reference/covering-indexes.html[covering index]. Create an index like this:

`CREATE INDEX ix_shoppingcart ON sessionstore (shoppingcart, BASE64_DECODE(shoppingcart));`

After that index is created, the above `SELECT` query will function, and it will return the 10 most recent shopping carts.

The sample application (available on Github) uses this query to generate a report that looks like this:

image:00103-recent-shopping-carts.png[10 Most Recent Shopping Cart report]

=== Most common items

> Another insight we could gather is the most popular item that has been added o shopping carts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another insight we could gather is the most popular item that has been added to shopping carts. 
```

Author: I think I noticed this typo and fixed it in the other PR
